# PyTerm + Game + Students
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/rBMW2xYC-0Q>
#### Description:
PyTerm - A Python terminal program that is able to perform certain commands, such as file manipulation, playing games and os commands (mkdir, ls).In order to do this, the program must have a sufficient amount of memory to to do so. The user starts with 50 units of memory and each command consumes 5 units. The user can get a list with all the commands by typing help into usrmmand. To start the terminal, you must the use the terminal_start function in the class. This will start the function and allow the user to input different commands. These commands, include "files", which allows the user to manipulate files, "os" which allows the user to input commands related to the operating system and "time" which has a command which gets the current time. However, to do these commands, the user needs memory. When the memory runs out, the program will break and end. The user can use the command "refresh memory" to revert memory to its original amount. Furthermore, for user enjoyment, there are games which the user can play. These games are a random number guessing game, a word guessing game and rock, paper ,scissors. These can be accessed by typing games when queried for a command. The second method of the class is terminal_data. This method is solely for getting the values of the attributes within the program. The user is first presented user input where they must input which attribute they want to get the value of. If the input is
"data" or "memory", it will return the values for each respectively. However, if the query is for password, it will ask the user to reenter the password. If the password is correct, it will return the value of self.password. Otherwise, it will reject the user. In addition, the program has several other commands such as "requests" which allows the user to get data from a website and "quiz" which executes a function that will ask the user questions and will give or take points whether the password is correct or not.


students.py:

This is a program that can be used in a school setting to manipulate different aspects of data: My program contains two classes with one class inheriting from it and one with methods that can do different things with data. The init method contains attributes such as self.courses and self.students_enrolled.  The first method is used is get_students. This gets the students in a list format. Howver, if there are no students, it will return false. The next method get_courses gets the courses taken by students as a list. If the self.courses is empty, It will append "Science" to the list. The third method, add_courses allows the user to input a course name to be added into the self.course attribute as an item. The fourth method is add_students where the user can add more students. There is a loop which allows the user to add new students and continues while the number of items is less than the max _students. If the input is equal to "no", the loop will break.The fifth method is add_students_to_course. This contains a loop which continues while the number of items in self.students is less than self.course_limit. It then asks the user for the course and the student as input and adds them to the self.students_and_courses as a set array.

Game.py:

This is a python program that allows the user to play an adventure game to escape rooms to reach the goal and obtain the holy sword. This program contains two classes.In the Gamedata class, the user is stored and can be accessed in the main class. In the main class, the first method "Room1" places the user in a dark room and they ask for commands for actions from the user. if the input is "pick an object", the user can now choose an object. If the user chooses pickaxe, they are queried which direction to go. If it is north, the user can now move forward. Otherwise, the user makes no progress and the number of tries is  incremented by 1. In the second method, Room2(), the user is put in another room and is asked for a command. If it is for an object, if it is in self.objects and is "key", the user can unlock the door leading out the room. Otherwise if the object is not in self.objects, it will return no relevant object. In the Room3(), the user is put in a dark icy room and is once again queried on what to do. If the user chooses the object option, the user can choose an object as input that is stored object_choice. If the object_choice is torch , It is outputted that the user can now see more clearly and can now see holy sword and reaches the goal when the user input is now yes after.
